c:\users\mar_s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\rest\rest\bin\Debug\rest.exe.config
c:\users\mar_s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\rest\rest\bin\Debug\rest.exe
c:\users\mar_s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\rest\rest\bin\Debug\rest.pdb
c:\users\mar_s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\rest\rest\bin\Debug\System.IO.dll
c:\users\mar_s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\rest\rest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\mar_s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\rest\rest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\mar_s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\rest\rest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\mar_s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\rest\rest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\mar_s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\rest\rest\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\mar_s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\rest\rest\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\mar_s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\rest\rest\bin\Debug\System.IO.xml
c:\users\mar_s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\rest\rest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\mar_s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\rest\rest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\mar_s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\rest\rest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\mar_s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\rest\rest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\mar_s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\rest\rest\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.xml
c:\users\mar_s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\rest\rest\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\mar_s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\rest\rest\obj\Debug\rest.csproj.App.config
c:\users\mar_s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\rest\rest\obj\Debug\rest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mar_s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\rest\rest\obj\Debug\rest.exe
c:\users\mar_s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\rest\rest\obj\Debug\rest.pdb
c:\users\mar_s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\rest\rest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mar_s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\rest\rest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
